README.md, before:

# How Academia - Learning Management System

A modern, full-stack Learning Management System (LMS) built with Next.js, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS. The application supports three distinct user roles: Student, Instructor, and Institution Administrator.

## Features

### Authentication
- Unified login page with role selection (Student, Instructor, Institution)
- Automatic account creation if user doesn't exist
- Role-based access control

### Student Features
- Dashboard with enrolled courses and average scores
- Browse and enroll in courses
- Take exams and view results
- View scheduled sessions
- Browse available tutors
- Profile management

### Instructor Features
- Dashboard with statistics (students, courses, average scores)
- Create and manage courses
- Create and manage exams
- Schedule live coaching sessions
- Profile management
- AI-Powered Analysis (placeholder)

### Institution Features
- Dashboard with institution-wide statistics
- Manage instructors (add, view)
- Manage students (add, view)
- View all courses offered by instructors

### Shared Features
- Live Sessions with real-time chat
- Browse institutions list
- Dark mode UI by default

## Technology Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 14 with App Router
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **UI Components**: ShadCN UI
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS (Dark mode)
- **Fonts**: Inter (body), Space Grotesk (headings)
- **Data Store**: TypeScript-based in-memory store (no external database required)
- **Authentication**: TypeScript-based auth store with localStorage persistence

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ 
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone <repository-url>
cd How-main
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## Project Structure

```
src/
├── app/                    # Next.js app router pages
│   ├── login/             # Login page
│   ├── student/           # Student role pages
│   ├── instructor/        # Instructor role pages
│   ├── institution/       # Institution role pages
│   ├── live-sessions/     # Live sessions pages
│   └── institutions/      # Institutions list page
├── components/            # React components
│   ├── ui/               # ShadCN UI components
│   ├── instructor/       # Instructor-specific components
│   └── institution/      # Institution-specific components
├── contexts/             # React contexts
│   └── AuthContext.tsx   # Authentication context
├── lib/                  # Utilities and services
│   ├── store/           # Data store and auth store
│   └── firebase/        # Data hooks (Firebase-compatible API)
├── types/               # TypeScript type definitions
└── styles/              # Global styles
```

## Data Store

The application uses a TypeScript-based in-memory data store that provides:
- Collection management (courses, exams, users, etc.)
- Query constraints (where, equals, etc.)
- Real-time subscriptions (simulated with polling)
- Non-blocking write operations
- localStorage persistence for authentication

## Authentication

Authentication is handled by a TypeScript-based auth store that:
- Stores users in memory
- Persists auth state in localStorage
- Supports email/password authentication
- Auto-creates accounts on login if they don't exist
- Syncs with data store automatically

## Usage

### Login

1. Navigate to `/login`
2. Enter your email and password
3. Select your role (Student, Instructor, or Institution)
4. Click "Sign In / Sign Up"

### Creating Data

- **Instructors** can create courses and exams from their respective pages
- **Institutions** can add instructors and students from the management pages
- All data is stored in memory and will reset on page refresh (in a production app, this would be persisted to a database)

## Development

### Adding New Features

1. Create new pages in `src/app/`
2. Add new components in `src/components/`
3. Define types in `src/types/index.ts`
4. Use data hooks from `src/lib/firebase/hooks.ts`

### Data Store API

```typescript
import { dataStore } from "@/lib/store/dataStore";

// Add document
await dataStore.addDocument("courses", { title: "New Course" });

// Get collection
const courses = await dataStore.getCollection("courses");

// Get collection with constraints
const myCourses = await dataStore.getCollection("courses", [
  { field: "instructorId", operator: "==", value: userId }
]);

// Update document
await dataStore.updateDocument("courses", courseId, { title: "Updated Title" });

// Delete document
await dataStore.deleteDocument("courses", courseId);
```

## Building for Production

```bash
npm run build
npm start
```

## License

This project is private and proprietary.

Commit message:

Improve UI and add new features: Enhanced login page with background image and password toggle, updated all role dashboards with new designs, added back button navigation, created test accounts, improved institution pages with pricing and staff info

README.md, after:

# How Academia - Learning Management System

A modern, full-stack Learning Management System (LMS) built with Next.js, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS. The application supports three distinct user roles: Student, Instructor, and Institution Administrator.

## Features

### Authentication
- Unified login page with role selection (Student, Instructor, Institution)
- Automatic account creation if user doesn't exist
- Role-based access control

### Student Features
- Dashboard with enrolled courses and average scores
- Browse and enroll in courses
- Take exams and view results
- View scheduled sessions
- Browse available tutors
- Profile management

### Instructor Features
- Dashboard with statistics (students, courses, average scores)
- Create and manage courses
- Create and manage exams
- Schedule live coaching sessions
- Profile management
- AI-Powered Analysis (placeholder)

### Institution Features
- Dashboard with institution-wide statistics
- Manage instructors (add, view)
- Manage students (add, view)
- View all courses offered by instructors

### Shared Features
- Live Sessions with real-time chat
- Browse institutions list
- Dark mode UI by default

## Technology Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 14 with App Router
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **UI Components**: ShadCN UI
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS (Dark mode)
- **Fonts**: Inter (body), Space Grotesk (headings)
- **Data Store**: TypeScript-based in-memory store (no external database required)
- **Authentication**: TypeScript-based auth store with localStorage persistence

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+ 
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone <repository-url>
cd How-main
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Run the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## Project Structure

```
src/
├── app/                    # Next.js app router pages
│   ├── login/             # Login page
│   ├── student/           # Student role pages
│   ├── instructor/        # Instructor role pages
│   ├── institution/       # Institution role pages
│   ├── live-sessions/     # Live sessions pages
│   └── institutions/      # Institutions list page
├── components/            # React components
│   ├── ui/               # ShadCN UI components
│   ├── instructor/       # Instructor-specific components
│   └── institution/      # Institution-specific components
├── contexts/             # React contexts
│   └── AuthContext.tsx   # Authentication context
├── lib/                  # Utilities and services
│   ├── store/           # Data store and auth store
│   └── firebase/        # Data hooks (Firebase-compatible API)
├── types/               # TypeScript type definitions
└── styles/              # Global styles
```

## Data Store

The application uses a TypeScript-based in-memory data store that provides:
- Collection management (courses, exams, users, etc.)
- Query constraints (where, equals, etc.)
- Real-time subscriptions (simulated with polling)
- Non-blocking write operations
- localStorage persistence for authentication

## Authentication

Authentication is handled by a TypeScript-based auth store that:
- Stores users in memory
- Persists auth state in localStorage
- Supports email/password authentication
- Auto-creates accounts on login if they don't exist
- Syncs with data store automatically

## Test Accounts

The application comes with pre-configured test accounts for each role:

### Student Account
- **Email:** `student@how.academia`
- **Password:** `student123`
- **Role:** Student

### Instructor Account
- **Email:** `instructor@how.academia`
- **Password:** `instructor123`
- **Role:** Instructor

### Institution Account
- **Email:** `institution@how.academia`
- **Password:** `institution123`
- **Role:** Institution Administrator

> **Note:** You can also create new accounts by logging in with any email/password combination. The system will automatically create the account if it doesn't exist.

For more details, see [TEST_ACCOUNTS.md](./TEST_ACCOUNTS.md).

## Usage

### Login

1. Navigate to `/login`
2. Enter your email and password (use test accounts above or create your own)
3. Select your role (Student, Instructor, or Institution)
4. Click "Sign In / Sign Up"

### Creating Data

- **Instructors** can create courses and exams from their respective pages
- **Institutions** can add instructors and students from the management pages
- All data is stored in memory and will reset on page refresh (in a production app, this would be persisted to a database)

## Development

### Adding New Features

1. Create new pages in `src/app/`
2. Add new components in `src/components/`
3. Define types in `src/types/index.ts`
4. Use data hooks from `src/lib/firebase/hooks.ts`

### Data Store API

```typescript
import { dataStore } from "@/lib/store/dataStore";

// Add document
await dataStore.addDocument("courses", { title: "New Course" });

// Get collection
const courses = await dataStore.getCollection("courses");

// Get collection with constraints
const myCourses = await dataStore.getCollection("courses", [
  { field: "instructorId", operator: "==", value: userId }
]);

// Update document
await dataStore.updateDocument("courses", courseId, { title: "Updated Title" });

// Delete document
await dataStore.deleteDocument("courses", courseId);
```

## Building for Production

```bash
npm run build
npm start
```

## License

This project is private and proprietary.
